[improve][doc] Optimize "Admin API > Features > Clusters" (#490)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/admin-api-clusters.md

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
````

:::tip

This page only shows **some frequently used operations**. For the latest and complete information, see the **reference docs** below.

>  - [Pulsar CLI](reference-cli-tools.md) 

Reviewer: Can we move this part out of the tip module and merge it into the following paragraph? The current structure looks a bit repetitive.

Author: @hangc0276 

This is the current doc:
<img width="1754" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/228117469-f1c56712-1c81-4a02-8b26-c8db102f5428.png">

Do you want me to consolidate it like this?
<img width="1495" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/228119785-61cdfed0-670f-43d4-810a-27ca183c0ba9.png">

Reviewer: Moving the `Category` table out of the tip may be better.

Author: Make sense! Updated as below, PTAL.
<img width="1522" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/228125603-0e921a93-5a04-45aa-a932-e30921510fe6.png">

:::

You can manage [clusters](reference-terminology.md#cluster) via one of the following methods:

* [Pulsar CLI](pathname:///reference/#/@pulsar:version_origin@/pulsar-admin/)
  
  * The `clusters` command of the [`pulsar-admin`](pathname:///reference/#/@pulsar:version_origin@/pulsar-admin/) tool

* [Pulsar admin APIs](admin-api-overview.md)
  
  * The `/admin/v2/clusters` endpoint of the admin {@inject: rest:REST:/} API
  
  * The `clusters` method of the `PulsarAdmin` object in the [Java API](client-libraries-java.md)

## Provision cluster

> New clusters can be provisioned using the admin interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can provision new clusters using the admin interface.
```
